Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Message.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
Huh.
Come be my therapist. baby.
Yeah.
You. who I'm sharing with. baby.
let me lay in your presence.
Yes. it's so effortless.
baby. because you're
so easy to talk to. I
often wish we was closer.
I hope for the
sessions to bless us.
Yes. I might need to stay over.
Holding trauma from drama. now.
I can't tell if they love me.
But when we look
for the problem.
I always find out it was me.
Hug me. baby. I miss you.
Don't take negative with you.
Only positive vibes. baby.
I'll never forget you.
I do therapy with you.
Hey. Paul.
So I'm done cleaning here.
Am I good to go?
Hell. no. you ain't good to go.
Table two keeps ordering
crawfish after crawfish
after crawfish.
I got to go to the Atlantic
Ocean to get more crawfish.
I'm might get mercury poisoning
dealing with table two.
All right.
30 more minutes.
You can do 30 more minutes?
Yeah. I guess.
OK. cool.
Thank you.
Oh. wait one second.
Um. tomorrow-- do you think
you can come in at 6:00?
Are you serious?
JoJo having her
little situationship
on the situationship
on the situationship.
Again?
Yeah. again.
And. come on. let me
rub your shoulders.
Come on. you get like
this sometimes. Mon.
Hey. all right.
I do it for you.
OK.
Give me a hug.
All right.
Take care of them kids.
Say. mm-hmm.
Man.
Whoof.
Hey. how are you doing. ma'am?
You've been sitting here
for a little over an hour.
Everything OK?
I know you're sitting down.
but you look a little stood up.
Heh.
You get to how I
put that together?
I can get you another
margarita. or--
Does it look like
I need your help?
Yo. Paul. let me get a
double shot of A単ejo.
One for me. and one for her.
I got you.
Excuse me. sir. but I
can buy my own drinks.
Thanks. but no thanks.
Damn.
OK. Miss Independent.
I feel you.
Paul. let me get them two shots.
Oh. I got you.
I'm sorry. baby.
He had you waiting.
What can I get for you?
Thank you so much.
It's taken so long.
First. I would like to
start with my appetizer.
I would like some
crawfish cheese sticks.
I would also like
crawfish nachos.
And I also would
like crawfish salad.
Yeah?
Really?
Mm.
Ooh!
Spicy.
I'm Reggie.
Stacey.
I see.
And you stay seeing this drip?
What does that mean?
You don't even know me.
Margarita crawfish.
Margarita. make
sure that comes out.
And also crawfish
chicken nuggets.
You ever?
You look a little
down on your day.
And why are you taking it
out on my man Paul over here?
I am having a rough day.
Hey. Paul. I'm sorry.
Can you please get
us another round?
Y-- y'all paying
for all of these?
Never mind.
We'll talk about this later.
OK. Miss Independent.
Hey. Paul. another A単ejo.
Throw a lime in there this time.
A単ejo?
What is that?
See. you don't even
know nothing about that.
That's probably why
your 'rita trash.
It was pretty light.
Paul. give her what I'm having.
A little less mix.
I usually just get silver.
What made you try that?
Oh. I drink A単ejo because
I can get "any ho."
You feel me?
Wow.
OK. so you are crazy.
I mean. is that supposed
to be funny or something?
See. now I got her attention.
She used to do is
being all forward
and trying to hit on her
right out of the gate.
but she found comfortability
in my friendliness.
Now. she fine.
Fine as hell!
I got to see where
this chick mind at.
Watch me break her
down like a 3-5.
OK.
So who is it?
What are you talking about?
The person that
got my new friend
in here drinking by herself.
all alone. in a bad-ass mood.
OK. so I don't even know why
I'm sharing this with you.
So look. this guy. he was
supposed to meet me here.
I mean. not really
for a date. but I'd
be lying if I said I wasn't
attracted to him. right?
Then I find out he's
really in a relationship
and is currently on
a date as we speak.
Damn!
That's bogus as hell.
I mean. he at least
reached out to you
and let you know what
the deal was. right?
No.
Wait. wait. wait.
wait. wait. wait. wait.
So you mean to tell me you
just came across the photo?
Like it was just
on your timeline.
or did you go searching for it?
Because you look
like a searcher.
No.
Hell. no. I didn't
do none of that.
Look. I was seeing if he posted
a stat. and I saw that shit.
So let me guess.
You must have had
a goal in mind.
Oh. wait.
You was trying to
get some. wasn't you?
OK.
So is it that obvious?
I mean. I was trying to
get me some from Travis.
but. you know what?
Uh-uh.
I carry myself as
a classy lady. OK?
How did he even know?
And what the hell
do you mean by that?
I mean. damn.
Calm down.
I ain't got no
scientific reasoning
behind it or
anything. but you just
look a little more let down
than the normal disappointment.
That's all I'm saying.
It sound like
expectations to me.
Now. I'm not saying
you had a plan.
But if the night would have
went right. and you felt right.
you was going to give him some.
Oh. so what?
Now you a therapist?
Hell. no!
I just know people.
That's it.
And I don't judge them
for their actions.
I let them show me
who they really are.
You know.
It kind of provides them
with a certain level
of comfortability with me.
That's not even a real word.
So I'm a real nigga. and what's
up with you and your drink.
Miss Lightweight?
Don't worry about what
I'm doing with my drink.
The question is.
why are you in here?
Oh. I ain't got no sob story.
All my whole school.
every last one of them.
I'm just playing.
I just wanted to get out
of the house. have a drink.
Supposed to meet
my boy Sean here.
but he probably off
with some girl somewhere
in full character.
What does full character mean?
What is that?
He like to give
women what they want.
Well. let me rephrase that.
What he thinks they want.
But it always work
out terribly for him.
But. like I said. I'm
not here to judge.
That's his life.
Enough about him. though.
I'm interested in you.
How about we toast
to the dumbass
that stood your fine ass up?
I like that.
Mm-hmm.
We can toast to that.
Y'all don't-- y'all
don't want to--
Mm. this is strong.
OK.
Yeah.
I'm going to put
that to the side.
I see you not big
on the cuddling.
That's cool.
I was never really
big on it either.
Look.
Last night was a
mistake. period.
But it happened. though.
I don't be doing shit like this.
But you did it. though.
I've got to go.
I'm going to be late for work.
What is it that you do?
I'm a therapist.
Relationship counselor. mainly.
Oh.
So you help lonely people
cope with their misery.
No. I'm more like a mediator.
You know. I help solve conflict.
Almost like finding the
pieces to their puzzle.
Mm.
So you sell dreams to
delusional couples.
Got you.
You know what?
You got all the
answers. don't you?
I ain't got all of
them. because I still
ain't got the answer as to why
you think this was a mistake.
Because I don't
even know you. OK?
We just met last night.
And honestly. you could
be crazy for all I know.
Hell.
I don't know you.
Right.
And I'm the crazy one?
OK.
But if this wasn't
supposed to happen.
then it wouldn't have happened.
You're one of the types that
like to trip about stuff that
already happened. huh?
How good of a therapist
can you really be?
What's that supposed to mean?
I'm just saying. like--
if you want to be
good at your job.
you should probably be better
at letting go with a past.
Wow.
OK. you know what?
I'm not enjoying this
conversation. not even
a little bit.
So you're telling me you
ain't enjoy last night?
I mean. I did enjoy
last night. but--
But nothing.
Exactly.
The only "but" I want to hear
is my hand smacking an ass!
I'm done.
Why don't you stop.
I'm done with you.
You make me sick.
OK. so I really didn't
have a bad time last night.
Oh. my gosh. it was so amazing.
And. I mean. Reggie.
he's so cool.
He's laid back.
He's witty.
And the things he did
in this bed right here.
Shit!
Oh. OK. OK. OK.
But I don't think
I'm ready for this.
I'm so conflicted right now.
OK. so I got a question.
You one of them know girls
who drink and they black out?
Oh. so you used to messing with
them lightweight thots. huh?
Uh-huh.
Yeah. I remember everything.
Oh. perfect.
So that means you remember
that butt-naked pretzel
I had you in going stupid.
OK. so you one of those kind
of guys that just think sex
is everything?
OK. you know what?
I've been down this road before.
Goodbye.
I mean. if you ready to go. I
can walk you out to the door.
But you should
remember one thing.
Well. two things you
should take away.
One. how did you just assume
that I'm all about sex?
You didn't even take the
time to get to know me.
Now. I'm not here to
change your opinion
because that's your opinion.
I'm just saying that
that's a little weird.
OK. you said two things.
You've got your dress
on inside out. player.
Fuck you.
Fucked the seams out of her.
Whoo!
She stuck
on my mind. she jiggy.
She stuck on my
mind. she worth it.
Stay on her grind. she working.
Shorty's so fine. she perfect.
Uh-huh.
I give her my time on purpose.
Yes. she look good
on them pictures.
Promise she finer in person.
Uh-huh.
In this shit. it
got to be different.
Feel like a lottery ticket.
With her the sky's the limit.
Uh-huh.
Because we in places
you fly to go visit.
We steady down in this shop.
and you niggas dying to hit it.
Yeah.
And I don't blame you
for trying to hit her.
She's certified a winner.
I saw you looking at me when
I walked through the door.
You must like what you see.
It's a bit
around here.
Mm.
How about we go
back to my place?
She's
stuck on my mind.
She jiggy. shorty so fine.
I'm telling you.
I'm making her mine.
You hear me?
Sir?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
My fault. How may I--
how may I help you?
I mean. are you
working today or what?
Yeah. yeah.
What's going on. little man?
OK.
Yeah.
How old are you?
Look. the last
barber we went to.
he fucked his hairline up and
put that little black painted
stuff on his forehead.
And I just need you to
fix it right quick. OK?
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
I can go ahead and
take care of it.
Come on in here. little man.
Hop up on here.
Go get you right.
Get you all the way right.
Whoo!
What kind of cut
want. little man?
OK.
All right.
Don't-- don't worry about it.
Just forget it.
I'm-- I'm going
to get you right.
What you mean you don't
want to be with me?
After all I've done?
What is it?
Is it another chick?
Then. what is it then?
What do you mean you
got to call me back?
Oh. hell no.
You're going to talk to--
Hello?
Hey. your mom always this mad?
Excuse me?
How about you stay out of my
business and cut some hair.
I wouldn't be in your business
if you weren't talking so loud.
So what?
OK. mom. relax.
You too fine to be letting
some dude stress you out.
You know you're supposed to
have your holes in control.
And you don't even know
what you're talking about.
How about you cut some hair?
I am.
But part of my job
is to also make
sure that everybody that
walk through that door.
they walk out with a
smile in their experience.
I'm cutting his hair.
Ain't that right. little man?
All right.
I mean-- now. to just
work on you. Miss--
Jasmine.
And you are?
I'm Reggie.
Nice to finally meet you.
Nice to meet you too.
See. that wasn't
so hard. was it?
Oh. you're going to hit
me with the shoulders.
I see that's a
hereditary thing. huh?
OK. Reggie.
So how long you
been cutting hair?
Uh. it's about three. four--
Oh. so about three
or four years?
Days.
I got my certification
earlier this week.
Wait. what's today?
Tuesday. Thursday.
I'm joking.
I've been cutting six years.
Oh.
I was gonna say.
Oh. you real funny. huh?
You know.
Just a little jokey-joke.
But what's up with you
and that phone call?
You too fine to be letting
whatever do stress you out.
Look. I'm damn near
30. and I don't
want my son to keep
seeing me single out here.
You know?
I want him to be in a stable
home with two parents.
You know. like the old days.
Hmph.
I feel you.
It's just one thing
you're missing. though.
What's that?
Them old days. they old as hell.
They're gone.
You can go searching
for them if you want.
They're not here no more.
And how you know that?
Because that special
thing you searching for.
it don't exist no more.
Back in the day. women used to
cook. clean. raise the babies.
That's what women
were taught to do.
Is that really what you
want out of your life?
What's so bad about that?
I mean. absolutely nothing.
Ain't nothing wrong with it.
but a woman as fine as you.
I just feel like you
deserve more than just
being cooped up in the house.
Do you want your entire dream
to belong to somebody else?
I still want a man in my life.
I don't want my son
seeing me around here
with all these different guys.
But it's so bad out here.
I want to find someone
to make me happy.
I mean. I hear you. but
that's your problem.
You can't find happiness
in somebody else.
Now. we all know. you've
got to find that within.
Now. a guy. he can
make you smile.
He can even make you feel good.
But real happiness. it
always got to come within.
Come on. now.
Ain't that right. little man?
Mm.
Wow!
That look nice.
OK. I see you.
And it don't have that little
painted black shit on there.
OK.
Thank you. Reggie.
Oh.
So. son. how do you
like your haircut?
Man. I want to be as
unbothered as him.
Pssh.
Oh.
OK. how much?
Oh. I normally do $20.
But. for you-- for you.
I'm going to do a dub.
Oh. I see you got a little
jokey-jokes too. huh?
OK.
Well. here you go.
Keep the change.
Got a little jokey-joke.
Nice play.
So. Reggie. do you have a
business card or anything where
I can make an appointment
or call to get some advice?
I like the way you think.
For sure.
Thank you.
All right. son. let's go.
Bye. Reggie.
All right. Jasmine.
Mm.
She was fine as hell.
Whoo!
Mm.
Hey. what's up?
I'm glad you could
finally make it.
Yeah. my bad.
You know. it's a little crazy
getting to this side of town.
Traffic was wild.
But let me see you.
Check you out.
Come on. now.
Give me a hug.
Mm-hmm.
So tell me. how was your day?
Damn.
Where do I start?
OK. so I had this weird
couple come in. right?
And let me tell you. the
girl. I mean. she was stacked.
She had big titties.
a big booty.
She was bad.
By her husband. I'm
talking like some Screech.
kind of a Urkel dude.
He tape all in the
glasses and everything.
I'm not the problem here. OK?
She's the one who needs
your professional guidance.
I can't deal with her
self-effacing. insecure
behavior.
Besides. it's out of my control.
I mean. I can't keep
these women off of me.
It's true.
I mean. everywhere
we go. women are just
throwing themselves at him.
And I can't deal.
So what we're dealing with is
a classic case of insecurities.
Yet. this isn't so common.
How would you say your personal
life is between you two?
Oh. you mean like
when we're alone?
Everything's great.
We have fun.
We go places.
And he does this
thing with his tongue
when I'm bent over the bed.
Oh. yeah.
So by the time he pulls out--
Whoa. not that.
I was just asking how you
two felt about one another.
I thought that we could talk
to you about everything?
That is what we're
paying you for. right?
Right. babe?
That's right. my darling.
She is 100% unequivocally
correctamundo. Miss Hampton.
Know know what?
You know what?
You're right. Mr.
And Mrs. Cooper.
I apologize.
Please feel free to
share any information
you feel to be pertinent.
Oh. no.
Who "Pertinent"?
And where he from?
Pertinent means important.
my little ray of sunshine.
Oh.
OK. important.
OK.
Yeah. well. in
all my years. I've
never met someone who makes
me feel like this man does.
I just feel like I'm
not enough for him.
And I feel like he's
going to leave me
for one of these little thots.
Oh. cut the malarkey.
I've been with you
this whole time.
These whoremongers.
they mean nothing to me.
I mean. sure.
The woman at the
gas station register
always offers me some quick
fellatio. but I just say no.
Just $20 on pump six. please.
Or at the clothing store. when
the girl invited me to the back
to "paint her face."
Huh.
I said. I'm not even an artist.
What does that mean?
See?
OK.
OK. Mr. Cooper.
So have you ever engaged
in any sexual activity
with any of these women?
Absolutely not.
What in the world would
give you any inclination
that they want to have
sexual intercourse with me?
You silly therapist.
I just don't know what to do.
Look. look.
What I've learned today is--
I don't know.
The crazy thing about it is she
was kind of obsessed with him.
You know?
Hmm?
So let me guess.
That kind of threw
you off a little bit.
Let me break
something down to you.
Hey. how are y'all doing?
Ma'am. did you bring
your son in here today?
Ah!
I knew I should have
left him in the car.
Girls are afraid to
date good looking guys
because they don't want
to get dumped or get
their heart broken.
Number two. good
looking women. they
also got their insecurities
and. you know. they hide them.
That's usually how that goes.
Now. three. this is
the kicker right here.
Now. it's apparent he
got her mind confused.
What she can't detect.
she can't reject.
And when a woman's
mind is confused.
she's easy to control.
Wow.
OK. OK. OK.
So. Casanova. is that your
strategy for everything?
Is that what it is?
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
I don't use strategies.
If you want anything
genuine. you can never
attack it using a "strategy."
So what you're saying
is that you can never
treat two people the same way?
Not exactly.
Because in life. you're going
to always encounter people
with similar situations.
But what I'm saying
is. I never go
into a situation knowing how
I'm going to treat somebody.
That shit almost never works.
It always backfires.
So how do you think
you need to treat me?
Like a woman that likes me.
But because of her
past. she's wounded.
Guards up.
It's understandable.
You're also an
independent woman who
don't need a man for
nothing until it's time
to put some salt on
that butt naked pretzel.
Wow.
I'm so tired of this man
thinking he know everything.
But you know what?
He might be right.
I ain't going to let
him know. all right?
You know what?
I don't need a man for sex. OK?
Matter of fact. I
don't need anybody.
Well. excuse me.
Miss Independent.
Huh.
You must know how
to DJ real good.
Huh?
Nothing.
Do you need something?
We're closed.
She's not calling you. though.
We are closed.
We're closed.
We just got here.
Exactly.
We closed from here all
the way to here. OK?
We just got here.
You definitely are
not getting a tip.
Yeah.
Can I just get a margarita?
Anyway. how was your day. man?
I actually had a
very. very good day.
It was a typical day. though.
I had this client. she
came in with her son.
Now. she was in a bad mood.
But once I. you know.
gave her a few smiles.
told her a few jokes. she
actually opened up to me.
It kind of reminded me
of this girl I know.
I met her at a bar one time.
but I cannot remember her name.
Really?
OK. so what?
Did you get her number too?
Of course I did.
You know what?
Mm. you just typical.
Just like typical kind of
man. you know what I mean?
I was joking.
No. I didn't get her number.
She's a client.
I gave her my business card.
but why is that so typical?
You know what?
The more I get to know you.
the more typical you are.
Just player.
That's what you are.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
I'm not a player at all.
I'm not here to play games.
I'm always open. honest.
and upfront about mine.
So how did you even
come to that conclusion?
Never mind. OK?
But it's kind of
funny. because while I
was talking to the client
today. and. you know.
I'm shedding light
on her situation
and giving her a new
perspective. I sat there
and I was like. I
can't wait to tell you
because I was kind of like
doing your job a little bit.
OK.
One. you can never do my job.
You don't have the formal
training or the hours
that I put into this.
So let me get this straight.
Just because you went to school
and studied all these hours.
that means you better
at this than me?
Yeah. exactly.
That's what I'm saying.
OK.
Well. you know what
I got to say to that?
Fuck them books. and
fuck that degree.
Pssh.
There is no better teacher
than life and its experiences.
What you. like $100.000 in debt?
Girl. please.
OK. excuse me?
You are a barber. OK?
You can never shit on my career.
Can never try to do what I
do. so don't even try me.
So I didn't have to work just
as hard to get where I am?
Yeah. OK.
Um. Paul. why don't you
go ahead and close us out.
Pssh.
Yeah. and don't worry about it.
It's on me since I know you
got them loans to pay back.
Huh.
Enjoy. Miss Therapist.
She don't think that I can
do her job better than her.
Shit.
Watch me.
So Reggie. I heard you over
at the bar the other night
saying that you was giving
that good therapy. yo.
So I figured I'd come over
here and check you out.
Girl. we're in a barbershop.
I mean. babe. just
give it a shot.
We need full discretion.
Just like-- this can't leave
the barbershop. please.
Of course.
So what's going on with y'all?
So. so. me and baby's been
together for about 10 months.
and she's just not giving what
I thought she was going to give.
I thought she was going to be
doing a little bit more of the.
you know. taking the trash out.
maybe going to get the car.
She's falling off
a little bit when
it comes to playing that role.
You do realize I have a
vagina just like you. right?
I mean. yeah babe. so?
So what I need to take
the trash out for?
She was giving that when
we first got together.
and I'm just trying to figure
out what is really going on.
OK.
I see the problem here is.
there's no masculine energy
kind of present. huh?
I mean.
No.
But what is missing
is the fact that you
don't cook. clean or listen.
I listen.
When do you listen?
This morning.
And that's the only
time you do listen.
is when somebody's
trying to bang you over.
This is what I mean.
What are we going to do?
OK.
Well. let me propose this.
you know. hear me out.
We create a list of things
for you to do. a list for you
to do.
And then we make a third
column of list of things
that I'm going to come over
and do. you understand me?
Because I think the whole
problem is y'all are not
balanced.
Even look at how y'all sitting.
that's not a balanced equation
right there. you understand me?
Put somebody like me in
there. insert myself.
we can get it going.
Because y'all just need some
structure Key word. struc-ture.
All right. come on now. come on.
Thank you. Reggie.
I know.
Put it here.
There we go.
Amen.
See y'all later to
pick up that a--
I mean. take out the
trash. take out the trash.
Man. I'm good at this shit.
Come on now.
Check my next appointment.
OK.
So. what brings
you guys in here?
Well. honestly. I don't
know why we're here.
I don't feel like we need
to be seeing you. Mrs Stacy.
I feel like it's pointless.
But for some reason he wants
me to be here. because he
think it'll help our situation.
So maybe he can tell
you how the list went.
OK.
So. why don't you
tell me how you
feel about things right now?
As you can see. there's
a bit of resistance.
And I feel we need
a third party.
OK?
Because we're not
getting anywhere.
So you don't think
there's anything that
can improve your situation?
Better sex. that's
another thing.
Oh. this is new.
Yeah. that is new.
But I just feel like
it needs to be better.
I feel like you don't
cook the best food either.
while we're at it.
And you don't like to clean.
and you don't give good sex.
So I mean-- why am
I here. Dr. Stacy?
Can I go?
You know what?
No. no. our time's not up yet.
What is up. is
this relationship.
I ain't gay no more.
Matter of fact. I'm
finna go get me a bitch.
I'm going to head down to
Magic City and throw some ones.
You can have this shit.
Thank you.
You can send me the invoice.
You can figure it out.
I'm out.
Figure your life out. honey.
Fuck this person.
Shot. he done left
his purse. I'm
going to take his
motherfucking money.
Oh. I need my wallet.
All right. so what
seem to be the problem?
Look man. she been
this way. right?
Her people got that shit.
And she won't give me the plug.
What are you talking about?
We gave you a pound last
month and you smoked it
all by yourself.
Man. I roll that
shit up so the homies
knew it was that gas. baby.
that was all I was doing.
What are you talking about.
it was you that smoked it all.
It was me?
You see what I'm saying?
Right.
Just real quick. just
for my own knowledge.
when we talk about that shit.
we talking about that shit.
We're not here for that.
You're right. you're right.
So what are we here for?
Because you.
Look at you.
You don't even get up.
You ain't even being a
gentleman...
Oh.
Let me sit down.
You're right. baby.
You're right. you're
right. you're right.
I'm sorry.
What I'm getting is. you
like to be in control.
But I like when she in control.
Maybe.
Ain't nothing wrong with that.
I mean. if you
like it. I love it.
If--
I mean. you cool with it?
You like it?
I love it. baby.
Come on.
OK.
Maybe y'all should
say it together.
I think y'all should
continue on that path.
And every now and then. give
him a pound. hold him down.
Listen to the therapist. baby.
that's what we came here for.
OK.
Try it out.
All right.
Come on.
Don't be like that.
Out here saving relationships
one couple at a time.
I love it.
Woo.
So Coffee. share with me
why you're here today.
When I don't have
sex. I get anxiety.
And I started listening to
this new podcast about sex.
I'm not getting nothing.
I'm not getting shit.
So what do you
think the reason is?
You want a glass?
I got another glass?
I'm having-- OK. so.
So have you shared
this with your fiancee?
How does he feel?
He thinks that sex
once a week is OK.
He thinks that's healthy.
I'm like. all day.
everyday. bro.
Let's just find other
ways to counter this.
OK.
So you're saying I should
go and pay for sex.
I should go down to the West End
and get some broke nigga Dick.
No. no. I didn't say
that. I didn't say that.
That's exactly what
I'm going to do.
I'm going to do that.
I'm doing it.
And on the way there I'm
going to listen to that show.
And listen to it. it's
going to ignite my inner ho.
What show?
It's called Cocktales.
Dirty Discussions.
C-O-C-K-T-A-L-E-S.
And I'm going to go get dirty.
Your time is almost up.
But one more thing. have you
ever thought about celibacy?
Yo. we closed.
I ain't never said
nothing like that
to you when you came to my
bar in that late night shit.
Yo. Paul. what you doing
on this side of town?
I'm always on this
side of town. man.
What you mean?
I was around the corner. it's
getting a little line up.
he kind of didn't do a good job.
So I was just wondering if
you had enough time to get me
in for a little quickie?
You know what?
I got you.
Come on.
My boy.
I'll get you right.
Yes Sir.
I don't know what's wrong
with that other barber. man.
Drive me crazy.
Let me take this off
for you real quick.
Yeah. peel that thing back.
Yeah.
There you go.
Oh. OK.
What you want me
to do with this?
Oh. can you do the
number one on the side?
And then like the number
two a little bit higher?
And then just give me
the three up top. OK?
Oh. and can you
give me that part.
you know. that part
that LeBron James
be having. but don't give me
the extra LeBron James sauce.
Because I want my
hair to grow back.
Yeah.
Just box shave it up.
We're going to be good.
Uh.
So.
Um.
So. How everything
going with you. big dog?
What's going on?
Oh. besides the cut?
Oh. you know. I mean my--
I mean. we're having a
little trouble at the house.
that's all.
Aren't you experienced?
You experience with
the ladies. right?
Yeah. yeah. yeah. you know. I
do my thing from time to time.
What's up?
Oh. you know. me
and my girl. we've
just been kind of having little
problems lately. you know?
I feel like every time I
try to do better. I fail.
you know what I mean?
When I try to bring
us closer. it just
doesn't work out the way I think
it's going to work out. man.
Paul. you're not saying nothing.
How are you going to get
my genuine advice if you
ain't being honest with me?
Come on. man.
Nah. nah. I'm not--
I'm good. man.
I'm good.
Paul.
Talk to me.
She think I'm smashing Tina.
You're not?
No.
I mean. I'm just saying. I
hit that at least three times
by now. but--
Yeah.
OK. no. I wouldn't. I wouldn't.
But. the owner would get upset.
I mean. at least one of
them would get upset.
Yeah. Yeah. for sure.
But. OK.
Be real with me.
You ain't give her cause to
question your relationship.
Listen. man.
Tina is my most
trusted employee. OK?
She knows almost everything--
I can't even run that
place without her.
You know. I talk
to her every day.
We really built up this
genuine good friendship. man.
And I've never smashed her.
I could see you looking
at me. I feel you.
I could feel the stank
in your eyes. OK.
Close your eyes when
you're looking at me. OK?
But let me tell you what
really happened. man.
Carlene came in there
one day and me and Tina
was me and Tinaing.
you know what I mean.
And she kind of ain't
like that and we've
been downhill ever since.
All right.
How about this. this
the best I can do.
How about you. me. and
Carlene. we sit down
and we figure this thing out.
You know. she really
understands your relationship.
That's the best
I can do for you.
I can do that.
I can do that. man.
Thank you. Reggie.
Well I appreciate you. man.
Let me go ahead and
look at this haircut.
No. no. no. no. you good.
I'm trying to look at the--
You know what?
No.
I'm grabbing--
No. you're good. you're good.
No. no. no--
OK. OK.
Because we closed.
OK. we closed.
Yeah. we closed.
OK. all right.
I can't just look at the--
No. no. no. no.
OK.
I'm good?
We closed.
All right. OK.
All right. cool.
I appreciate you.
Go ahead. get up out of here.
Yeah. you sure you
don't want the--
No. no. no. no. you know
what. you take that.
That's on the house.
All right. OK.
It's on the house.
Yep.
House cuts on the house.
Hmm.
I don't know how do you--
Shit crazy as hell.
Hey girl. how you been?
Long time no see.
I miss you.
I know. it's been a while.
Well. you know how
he is.
Well. was.
What's what?
I think we done
this time. friend.
Oh. my God.
That's so sad.
What?
Yeah girl.
You know what's so crazy though?
I thought I was going
to be a little bit more
hurt. but this time--
But what?
Lord what?
OK.
So listen.
I took little Mike to
get his hair cut. right?
And this Barber was
at his business.
But he was like telling
me how I shouldn't be
looking for happiness in a man.
And I don't know why. but
that's just stuck in my head.
And like--
Well--
It was just so. the
conversation was just so deep.
Well. he's absolutely right.
I mean. you do need to
find happiness within.
But. that's the same
thing Reggie said.
You there. bitch?
Yeah. I'm good.
I'm good. I'm cool. cool.
I just miss you. that's all.
Really miss you.
We need to go ahead
and get together soon.
Hell yeah.
Oh. I'm going to pull
up to your office.
The hell. I need me
some therapy myself.
Girl. you so silly.
All right.
Well. look. I'll see
you later. all right?
OK then.
You sure you're all right?
I'm good.
yeah.
love you.
I don't know.
Bye girl. I gotta
get out of here.
Bye.
So I asked the two
of you to come here
today because Paul
was telling me
that you guys are having some
issues in the relationship.
Carlene. Carlene. leaving
isn't going to solve anything.
So let's just talk it out.
Sure. Reggie.
Why not?
So how about you tell me what
issues you guys are having?
He's fucking the waitress.
And I know you are.
I mean. you've
seen that waitress.
I'd be fucking her.
Baby I'm not fucking Tina.
Shut the fuck up. Paul.
I heard you.
I heard you tell her.
oh. I just don't know
what I'd do without you. Tina.
Just because she does good work.
she's my most trusted employee.
Babe.
Once you go black.
you don't go back.
OK. OK.
Let's just calm down.
There's no need to--
Shut the fuck up. Reggie.
You just shut right
the fuck on up.
You're not even a therapist.
What is he doing here?
You're right.
I am not a real therapist.
However. I have very
existential life experiences
that allow me to weigh the
scale of good and bad and evil
on the rhetorics of being
an existential human being
with the symbiotic
form of our lives.
What the fuck are
you talking about?
I might not have a degree. but
I still think I can help y'all.
How?
How can you help us?
So why do you think he's
having an affair with Tina?
Paul likes all black things.
I make my stove top
stuffing. he wants dressing.
I make shake and bake but
he wants real fried chicken.
I make a pecan pie. he
wants sweet potato pie.
I throw on some
lovely soft rock.
he listens to some guy
called text the massage.
Text the message.
Text. text him. really?
That guy is fine. but you
see where I'm coming from?
Like. it's just so hard.
OK.
But. baby. baby. I love you. OK?
I don't want anybody else.
He got to love you.
because it's a whole hell
of a lot of fine ladies
that come in that bar.
He ain't got to just
settle for Tina.
Really?
My bad.
What the fuck?
Carlene.
Why did God make me white?
To bring about it. it was
the reverse psychology
I think I was trying
to use as to--
damn.
Hate to see it.
Watch the mamma do
a little stanky leg.
do a little stanky leg.
I can do the stanky leg.
Can you do it?
What about this?
How about I twerk a little bit?
Ran the baby out.
Look what you did.
Hello?
Hey. can you talk?
Why do I want to talk to you?
I thought I had you blocked.
Well I'm glad you didn't listen.
I might have underestimated
the skill requirement
to do your job effectively.
What?
I guess thank you.
Come on. don't be like that.
Listen. I got myself in a
little bit of a situation.
And I think I might
need your help.
You need my help?
What Mr Casanova?
OK. I need to hear this.
What?
Look. I'm coming to you as
humbly as I possibly can.
I need your help.
I got a job for you.
What kind of job?
Well. I need you to go down
and meet this dude named Julio.
He down in this Swats. he going
to give you a brown paper bag.
When he give you the brown paper
bag. don't look in it though.
Hell no. what the fuck?
Are you serious?
I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
No. no. no. I got
an emergency client
that probably needs to
come in and see with you.
You got time?
Who are the clients?
God damn.
You want the money or not.
Yeah.
I mean. yeah.
Just what?
Tell them to meet me at
my office in the morning.
all right?
Oh. OK. OK.
I can do that.
Hey. real quick.
What?
You remember that butt
naked pretzel I had you in?
Get off my phone. Reggie.
Let me and auntie
talk for a second.
What are you going
to do with him?
He is so cute.
Oh. Yes.
He getting so big. girl.
Yes girl.
So. you going to tell me
what that was all about?
It's just a friend of mine.
Got some clients he want
me to see in the morning.
No big deal.
That don't sound like no friend.
What was that. your boo?
Hell no.
I mean. it could have been.
But. he. I don't know.
I see the same old Stacy.
Nobody never good
enough for you.
You always cut them off when
you get a little too close.
Look. it ain't
nothing all right?
So tell me bitch.
Damn. bitch.
Where's mine?
I needed both of these.
Look. you know
that barber you've
been talking about Reggie?
That's who I was speaking to?
Well. I knew it
was a coincidence
when I saw his name on your
phone. but that's crazy.
You mad at me?
Why the fuck would I be mad?
Ain't like I'm fucking him.
I mean. I mean. I know you
was feeling him though.
So that's why I just
didn't even say nothing.
Anyway.
So let me ask you something.
Did he put you in that
butt naked pretzel. now?
Shut up. girl.
Eat the cheese with me. don't
make me eat it by myself.
Here getting on my nerves.
Oh now you want to share?
Drinking up all
my goddamn liquor.
Drink it with me.
Come on.
Yo. Paul.
You still here.
Hey. listen.
I thought I was
something that I'm not.
That's on me.
Obviously.
I mean. like what the fuck. man.
I thought you was actually
good at this shit.
Shit. me too. hell.
That's beside the point.
Hey. look.
I got you an appointment with a
real therapist tomorrow though.
OK?
Thanks.
You know. you uh. you do
therapy as good as you cut hair.
OK. first off. I'm not good
at white therapy and whatever
type of hair that you got.
Now that I think about it.
you never actually paid--
I can't even make
Collard greens.
I'll wear Jordans for you. baby.
See?
I got to go deal with her. OK?
I'm going to be at
that session tomorrow.
And can you do me
a favor. please?
Can you get out of my house?
You don't live here.
OK. fine.
Hey. but let me talk to you
about that money. though.
Come be my therapist. baby.
You who I'm sharing with. baby.
Let me lay in your presence.
Yes. it's so effortless. baby.
Because you're so easy to talk
to. I often wish we was closer.
Hope for the
sessions to bless us.
Yes. I might need to stay over.
Hold in trauma from drama. now
I can't tell if they love me.
But when we look for the
problem I always find out--
So. Paul and Carlene.
how are you two doing
since the last time we talked?
Yep.
Things are going well.
We are so happy. so so happy.
OK.
Share with me some
of the positive news.
Oh. we're doing great.
I. for one. have been doing all
my affirmations in the mirror
every single morning.
You know. I am beautiful.
I am sexy. I am thotty.
I love that word. I've
never heard of before.
Like. what even does it mean?
Well. I don't know. but I
feel thotty and I like it.
Ooh.
So. Jamal. how does
that make you feel?
The fact that she's
feeling a little thotty?
Happy wife. happy life.
Yeah.
So good.
I like it because saying I'm
thotty makes me feel smart.
Like I have good thoughts.
I'm intellectual.
And he appreciates
me for my intellect.
And I know that I'm foine.
Because I went to the
gym the other day.
and this like 60-year-old
guy was like hitting on me.
He said my ass
was P-H-A-T. phat.
So.
Yeah. my baby got it.
My baby got it.
I do. I do.
And how are you. babe?
I want to hear--
So. Paul.
What are some of the things
that you see in Carlene
that you absolutely adore?
She's present.
She's present. yeah.
She's. she's available.
Yes. I am.
She's always actively
there. you know.
And--
Can't get rid of me.
Wow.
Yeah.
So have you seen any
positive changes in Jamal
that may be beneficial
to the relationship?
We're actually having
intercourse again.
Not all the way. because
I'm still pretty--
No loosey goosey over here.
No. No.
Well.
I think in about six
months. we should
be able to fit the whole thing.
Well. I'm glad to
see you two are
working on those minor issues.
Yeah.
Oh. well. it's a big issue
if you know what I mean.
Oh.
So when we all
talked. you all said
you wanted to kind of buy
some things adventurous.
Things to do outside
of the house?
How is that going?
I took him camping.
And he loved it.
White people games.
I'm telling you.
Got to love them.
I love white people games.
White people not so much.
but the games are fun.
Yeah.
Yahtzee is a good one.
No.
OK.
That sounds good.
So we're making progress there.
OK.
So let's get to the main issue.
The bartender.
I know you had an issue
with their relationship.
So how's that going?
Friendship is what we say now.
It's not a relationship.
it's a friendship.
And she's nice.
She's very beautiful.
She's very sweet.
But. I mean. she's gay.
So I guess I didn't have
anything to worry about.
OK. so that's good.
So we've come to the
conclusion that there's
really nothing to worry about
pertaining their friendship.
Yeah. you're just
friends. right?
You're just friends
with her. right?
Absolutely.
You're just ever going
to be friends. forever.
Absolutely.
Yeah. Tina is ugly. she is ugly.
I wouldn't--
Don't say that about a woman.
She's beautiful. but
you love me. obviously.
Yeah.
Right?
He loves me. and I
am fucking hot. so.
You are.
You are amazing.
Oh my God. thank you.
I have gotten nothing done.
It's just me being
fucking awesome.
Thank you.
Thank you for the affirmations.
OK.
So it looks like
our time is over.
Any last words. Paul. Carlene?
I would.
What do you?
Did you?
Oh.
Just your hair.
Thank you.
So rough.
But I love rough.
Now when I look at
myself in the mirror
and I say you are a hot
ass bitch. I believe it.
And I mean bitch in
the endearing nice way
that girls use it.
Not when men use it
to degrade each other.
Yes.
You are a fine bitch too.
And you are a daddy.
Daddy.
Yeah.
OK.
All righty.
So until next week.
Same time next week?
Yes. please.
All right.
You got it.
Come on. girl.
Can you carry me?
I'm tired.
No.
Carry me. baby.
Carry. carry.
OK.
I'm just going to
leave you here then.
OK.
Come on.
Bye.
Oh. I love that.
Oh. you two.
I did that.
Finally.
Phew.
Look. Mike.
I got to do this for myself.
Why are you always trying
to make this about you?
Why do you try so hard
to keep me up under you?
Look. I used to think
this is all I wanted.
but I don't want this anymore.
It doesn't make me happy at all.
OK.
Don't call my phone unless you
call it to talk to little Mike.
Bye.
What the hell is she doing here?
Hey baby.
Come on. girl.
Come mama.
Girl. what is so important that
you had to pop up over here?
Like. I was over there
watching..
Girl. that can wait.
Look. I want to take
you somewhere. OK?
Somewhere like where?
Just shut up.
Go get some lotion on.
Oh my gosh. I can't with you.
Hurry up. hurry up.
I mean. like. seriously.
There he is. right there.
Don't be nervous.
You got it.
Yo. Stacy.
Jasmine. right?
Hey Reggie.
How are you?
Can't complain.
Grandma always told
me. don't nobody care.
I care.
Thank you.
Y'all know each other?
What brings you all two in?
Where little man at?
All right. I'mma let you all
go ahead and do that part. OK?
Yo. yo. wait. wait.
wait. hold on.
What the hell is all this?
Yeah I know my girl
is really feeling you.
I mean. guess I could
be all right with that.
Y'all got a little spark and
everything. so. you know.
I just want her to be happy.
And I think you can
make her happy when
you're not being an asshole.
What?
who me?
An asshole?
Never.
Get.
Yes.
Anyway. go on over
there and talk to her.
Bring it in. come on.
Thank you for what you
did for Paul and Carlene.
I know their relationship
is holding on by hope
and a prayer. but you helped.
And also thank you for
what you did for me.
What I do for you?
When we first met. I thought
I had all the answers.
But you clearly showed
me a unique perspective.
And just thank you for that.
Also I apologize. because
you a bum ass therapist.
Well. finally.
Thank you.
Just doing my job.
Anyway. let me get out of here.
But she already know
about the pretzel. nigga.
Oh. for sure.
So--
Hey.
Well look at you looking
like you need a therapist.
Oh. how are things. Paul?
Oh my gosh.
We're doing so much better.
I mean. I know it's been a short
time. but me and my boo-boo.
we on the right track.
And that is thanks to you.
And Reggie for being awful.
Awful?
Come on now. he is not that bad.
It was that bad.
He was terrible.
I'm talking about
terrible at haircuts
and he was terrible
giving therapy.
I ain't going to lie. he did
fuck your hair cut pretty bad.
I'm sorry. but he did. he did.
Tell me about it.
OK.
How about a double shot of
Tres Anejos for my lady?
Is that OK?
Yes. thank you.
All right.
Mr Cooper?
Is that you?
Yeah.
Oh. hi.
Mrs Hampton. right?
From our sessions.
Yes.
How are you?
How's uh. I don't
know. what's her name?
Renee.
Yeah.
We didn't make it.
Oh. I'm really
sorry to hear that.
Nothing to be sorry about.
We weren't exactly
meant for each other.
You seem different than before.
Like. the glasses. the
accent. your clothes.
What changed?
This is the real me.
That guy you met a while
back. he was just an act.
I don't understand.
People are really fickle.
Especially when it
comes to relationships.
We contrive and
conform to the person
we think our
significant others want.
In Renee's case.
she was attracted
to nerdy. insecure.
unattractive. beta
male Poindexters.
So I became that for her.
I think it gave her some false
sense of power or confidence.
However. I was
still me internally.
So ultimately. my true
colors revealed itself
throughout our marriage.
I see.
And so this is the real you?
It is.
Honestly. I kind of
like this version of you
better. Mr Cooper.
Call me Sean.
Quick question.
What brings you in here midday?
You ever do something
that you know
is right because you had to?
I was a little down about it.
but somehow I feel better now.
You want to talk about it?
Nah. it's not a big deal.
Let me buy you a
couple of drinks.
We'll talk a little bit.
Sure.
I like that.
Well. Miss Hampton.
I got to get going.
Hey. call me Stacey.
OK then.
Stacey.
Here. take down my number.
Feel free to call me sometime.
Yeah. for sure.
I mean. I really
enjoyed your company.
Thank you.
See you.
Bye Sean.
And here you go.
Got something for you.
Oh no. Paul. Sean
got the tab already.
No. no. no. look at it.
Look at it.
Paul. what is this.
It's a check.
I mean. I can see that.
sir. but why are you
giving me this kind of money?
Listen. I overheard you and
Reggie having a conversation
about your student loan debt.
And you have helped me
so much with Carlene.
That's the least I can do
to show my appreciation.
Paul this is a lot of money.
Like where did you
get this from. man?
I mean--
I own this place and
at least five others.
Can I keep it funky
fresh with you?
Yeah. please.
Yeah. yeah.
So. I won the lottery
three years ago.
$40 million in the bank.
And I also played professional
hockey for eight years.
And nobody even recognized me.
I mean. I don't even think
black people recognize-- well.
maybe they did. I'm
not really sure.
That's beside the point. OK?
Listen.
Stacy. I want you
to take the money.
I insist.
It's just chump change to me.
I mean. I'm rich.
Not regular rich.
I'm rich. rich.
I just like to keep
a low profile. OK.
So tell people if they ask
you that I'm not the owner.
Because I'm the bartender.
Why you coming with me?
I'm the bartender.
Ooh. why don't you
say it with me?
Give me a hug. girl.
Oh. thank you so much.
Oh my God.
Listen. you deserve it. OK.
You deserve it. all right.
Don't spend it all
in one place. now.
Hey. baby.
Real quick.
You think you could
pay fade on the back?
Give me a number
two on the side.
You sure?
Just grab the clippers.
Fade me out right
here. right here.
OK.
Hey. what's up. Reggie?
Oh.
Paul.
Carlene?
Fuck you. Reggie.
OK.
Yeah. baby.
Come on. it's OK.
It's a little tight about the--
Hey.
My nigga. Sean.
What up my nigga?
Who is this?
Oh.
Don't fuck this
up for me. homes.
Got a good thing
going with my lady.
You fuck it up. I'll
slit your fucking throat.
For sure.
How do you all know each other?
OK.
Stacy here. she had
introduced me to my girl.
and gave them some
great therapy.
My baby's dope like that.
Oh. we actually got
something for you.
Oh. OK.
What's up?
Here you go.
What's this?
Open it.
Oh.
What's this for?
It's for your shop.
I know you want to pay
it off and everything.
and we just want
to help you out.
Paul man. you really
didn't have to do that.
But I'm glad you did.
I'm glad you did.
It's the least I can
do for you helping--
you too. Stacey.
Helping me and Carlene
get back together.
get that groove. that mojo.
That's what friends are for.
Even though I told him
not to give you shit.
It's just crazy.
All these people crazy.
You got this lady dressed
like a Megan Thee Stallion.
Her guy just looking goofy.
My mamma friend Stacy
is fine. though.
She needs to give me a chance.
This dude she with
now look like he's
going to do her wrong
in about 11 more days.
My mamma's so confused.
She just wants to be an
independent woman that
doesn't even work.
Reggie. he pretty cool.
He treats my mom better
than my dad does.
So I'm good with that.
Just to keep him on
his toes. I am not
going to let him
know that I like him.
All in all. these
fools all crazy.
You know what. honestly. I think
we could all use a little thot
therapy sometimes.
I say that right?
Yeah?
Yeah.
Did I?
What do you think little guy?
Come be my therapist. baby.
You who I'm sharing with. baby.
Let me lay in your presence.
Yes. it's so effortless. baby.
Because you're so
easy to talk to.
I often wish we was closer.
Hope for the
sessions to bless us.
Yes. I might need to stay over.
Hold in trauma from drama.
Now I can't tell
if they love me.
but when we look
for the problem.
I always find out it was me.
Hug me baby. I miss you.
Don't take negative with you.
Only positive vibes. baby.
I'll never forget you.
I do therapy with you.
Yeah.
Come on. baby.
I do therapy with you.
Come with me.
Yeah.
I do therapy with you. baby.
Come lay in my presence.
I teach you how to love.
And it ain't just
paying for presents.
It's about paying attention.
listening all of your essence.
this is an audio lesson.
listen to all of your sessions.
Just let the therapy bless
us. so we all can be better.